UNIT FILE                                    STATE           PRESET
accounts-daemon.service                      disabled        disabled
acpid.service                                enabled         disabled
alsa-restore.service                         static          -
alsa-state.service                           static          -
apparmor.service                             disabled        disabled
archlinux-keyring-wkd-sync.service           static          -
audit-rules.service                          disabled        disabled
auditd.service                               disabled        disabled
autorandr-lid-listener.service               disabled        disabled
autorandr.service                            disabled        disabled
autovt@.service                              alias           -
avahi-daemon.service                         disabled        disabled
avahi-dnsconfd.service                       disabled        disabled
blk-availability.service                     disabled        disabled
bluetooth-autoconnect.service                disabled        disabled
bluetooth.service                            enabled         disabled
bolt.service                                 static          -
btrfs-scrub@.service                         static          -
canberra-system-bootup.service               disabled        disabled
canberra-system-shutdown-reboot.service      disabled        disabled
canberra-system-shutdown.service             disabled        disabled
capsule@.service                             static          -
chatbot-ui-legacy.service                    disabled        disabled
ckb-next-daemon.service                      enabled         disabled
colord.service                               static          -
connman-vpn.service                          disabled        disabled
connman-wait-online.service                  disabled        disabled
connman.service                              disabled        disabled
console-getty.service                        disabled        disabled
container-getty@.service                     static          -
containerd.service                           disabled        disabled
cronie.service                               enabled         disabled
cups-lpd@.service                            static          -
cups.service                                 enabled         disabled
cxl-monitor.service                          disabled        disabled
darkhttpd.service                            disabled        disabled
darkhttpd@.service                           disabled        disabled
daxdev-reconfigure@.service                  static          -
dbus-broker.service                          disabled        disabled
dbus-org.bluez.service                       alias           -
dbus-org.freedesktop.hostname1.service       alias           -
dbus-org.freedesktop.import1.service         alias           -
dbus-org.freedesktop.locale1.service         alias           -
dbus-org.freedesktop.login1.service          alias           -
dbus-org.freedesktop.machine1.service        alias           -
dbus-org.freedesktop.network1.service        alias           -
dbus-org.freedesktop.nm-dispatcher.service   alias           -
dbus-org.freedesktop.portable1.service       alias           -
dbus-org.freedesktop.resolve1.service        alias           -
dbus-org.freedesktop.timedate1.service       alias           -
dbus-org.freedesktop.timesync1.service       alias           -
dbus.service                                 alias           -
debug-shell.service                          disabled        disabled
dhcpcd.service                               enabled         disabled
dhcpcd@.service                              disabled        disabled
dirmngr@.service                             static          -
display-manager.service                      alias           -
dm-event.service                             static          -
dmraid.service                               disabled        disabled
dnsmasq.service                              disabled        disabled
docker.service                               enabled         disabled
e2scrub@.service                             static          -
e2scrub_all.service                          static          -
e2scrub_fail@.service                        static          -
e2scrub_reap.service                         disabled        disabled
ead.service                                  disabled        disabled
earlyoom.service                             enabled         disabled
emergency.service                            static          -
etcd.service                                 disabled        disabled
etckeeper.service                            static          -
fancontrol.service                           disabled        disabled
fstrim.service                               static          -
ftpd.service                                 disabled        disabled
geoclue.service                              static          -
getty@.service                               enabled         enabled
git-daemon@.service                          static          -
gpg-agent@.service                           static          -
gpm.service                                  disabled        disabled
healthd.service                              disabled        disabled
iio-sensor-proxy.service                     static          -
initrd-cleanup.service                       static          -
initrd-parse-etc.service                     static          -
initrd-switch-root.service                   static          -
initrd-udevadm-cleanup-db.service            static          -
insync@.service                              indirect        disabled
ip6tables.service                            disabled        disabled
iptables.service                             disabled        disabled
irexec.service                               disabled        disabled
iwd.service                                  enabled         disabled
keyboxd@.service                             static          -
kmod-static-nodes.service                    static          -
krb5-kadmind.service                         disabled        disabled
krb5-kdc.service                             disabled        disabled
krb5-kpropd.service                          disabled        disabled
krb5-kpropd@.service                         static          -
kubelet.service                              disabled        disabled
lastlog2-import.service                      disabled        disabled
ldconfig.service                             static          -
ldmtool.service                              disabled        disabled
libvirt-guests.service                       disabled        disabled
libvirtd.service                             disabled        disabled
lightdm.service                              enabled         disabled
lircd-setup.service                          disabled        disabled
lircd-uinput.service                         disabled        disabled
lircd.service                                disabled        disabled
lircmd.service                               disabled        disabled
lm_sensors.service                           disabled        disabled
lvm-devices-import.service                   disabled        disabled
lvm2-lvmpolld.service                        static          -
lvm2-monitor.service                         static          -
lxc-auto.service                             disabled        disabled
lxc-monitord.service                         disabled        disabled
lxc-net.service                              disabled        disabled
lxc.service                                  disabled        disabled
lxc@.service                                 disabled        disabled
man-db.service                               static          -
mdadm-grow-continue@.service                 static          -
mdadm-last-resort@.service                   static          -
mdcheck_continue.service                     static          -
mdcheck_start.service                        static          -
mdmon@.service                               static          -
mdmonitor-oneshot.service                    static          -
mdmonitor.service                            static          -
metasploit-config-swapper.service            static          -
metasploit-env.service                       static          -
metasploit-postgresql-env.service            static          -
metasploit-postgresql.service                static          -
metasploit-prosvc.service                    static          -
metasploit-ui.service                        static          -
metasploit-update.service                    static          -
metasploit-worker.service                    static          -
metasploit.service                           static          -
mkinitcpio-generate-shutdown-ramfs.service   static          -
modprobe@.service                            static          -
multipathd.service                           disabled        disabled
named.service                                disabled        disabled
ndctl-monitor.service                        disabled        disabled
NetworkManager-dispatcher.service            enabled         disabled
NetworkManager-wait-online.service           enabled         disabled
NetworkManager.service                       enabled         disabled
nftables.service                             disabled        disabled
nix-daemon.service                           disabled        disabled
nm-priv-helper.service                       static          -
nvidia-hibernate.service                     disabled        disabled
nvidia-persistenced.service                  disabled        disabled
nvidia-powerd.service                        disabled        disabled
nvidia-resume.service                        disabled        disabled
nvidia-suspend.service                       disabled        disabled
openvpn-client@.service                      disabled        disabled
openvpn-server@.service                      disabled        disabled
paccache.service                             static          -
pacman-filesdb-refresh.service               static          -
pam_namespace.service                        static          -
pcscd.service                                indirect        disabled
polkit.service                               static          -
postgresql.service                           enabled         disabled
quotaon-root.service                         static          -
quotaon@.service                             static          -
redsocks.service                             disabled        disabled
rescue.service                               static          -
rfkill-block@.service                        disabled        disabled
rfkill-unblock@.service                      disabled        disabled
rlogin@.service                              static          -
rsh@.service                                 static          -
rsyncd.service                               disabled        disabled
rsyncd@.service                              static          -
rtkit-daemon.service                         disabled        disabled
seatd.service                                disabled        disabled
sensord.service                              disabled        disabled
serial-getty@.service                        disabled        disabled
shadow.service                               static          -
snapd.apparmor.service                       disabled        disabled
snapd.failure.service                        static          -
snapd.seeded.service                         disabled        disabled
snapd.service                                enabled         disabled
spice-webdavd.service                        static          -
sshd-generated@.service                      generated       -
sshd-unix-local@.service                     alias           -
sshd.service                                 enabled         disabled
sshdgenkeys.service                          static          -
sudo_logsrvd.service                         disabled        disabled
svnserve.service                             disabled        disabled
sysstat-collect.service                      static          -
sysstat-rotate.service                       static          -
sysstat-summary.service                      static          -
sysstat.service                              disabled        disabled
system-update-cleanup.service                static          -
systemd-ask-password-console.service         static          -
systemd-ask-password-wall.service            static          -
systemd-backlight@.service                   static          -
systemd-battery-check.service                static          -
systemd-binfmt.service                       static          -
systemd-bless-boot.service                   static          -
systemd-boot-check-no-failures.service       disabled        disabled
systemd-boot-random-seed.service             static          -
systemd-boot-update.service                  disabled        enabled
systemd-bootctl@.service                     static          -
systemd-bsod.service                         static          -
systemd-confext.service                      disabled        enabled
systemd-coredump@.service                    static          -
systemd-creds@.service                       static          -
systemd-exit.service                         static          -
systemd-firstboot.service                    static          -
systemd-fsck-root.service                    enabled-runtime disabled
systemd-fsck@.service                        static          -
systemd-growfs-root.service                  static          -
systemd-growfs@.service                      static          -
systemd-halt.service                         static          -
systemd-hibernate-clear.service              static          -
systemd-hibernate-resume.service             static          -
systemd-hibernate.service                    static          -
systemd-homed-activate.service               disabled        enabled
systemd-homed-firstboot.service              disabled        disabled
systemd-homed.service                        disabled        enabled
systemd-hostnamed.service                    static          -
systemd-hwdb-update.service                  static          -
systemd-hybrid-sleep.service                 static          -
systemd-importd.service                      static          -
systemd-journal-catalog-update.service       static          -
systemd-journal-flush.service                static          -
systemd-journal-gatewayd.service             indirect        disabled
systemd-journal-remote.service               indirect        disabled
systemd-journal-upload.service               disabled        disabled
systemd-journald-sync@.service               static          -
systemd-journald.service                     static          -
systemd-journald@.service                    static          -
systemd-kexec.service                        static          -
systemd-localed.service                      static          -
systemd-logind.service                       static          -
systemd-machine-id-commit.service            static          -
systemd-machined.service                     static          -
systemd-modules-load.service                 static          -
systemd-mountfsd.service                     indirect        disabled
systemd-network-generator.service            enabled         enabled
systemd-networkd-persistent-storage.service  static          -
systemd-networkd-wait-online.service         enabled         enabled
systemd-networkd-wait-online@.service        disabled        disabled
systemd-networkd.service                     enabled         enabled
systemd-nspawn@.service                      disabled        disabled
systemd-nsresourced.service                  indirect        disabled
systemd-oomd.service                         disabled        disabled
systemd-pcrextend@.service                   static          -
systemd-pcrfs-root.service                   static          -
systemd-pcrfs@.service                       static          -
systemd-pcrlock-file-system.service          disabled        disabled
systemd-pcrlock-firmware-code.service        disabled        disabled
systemd-pcrlock-firmware-config.service      disabled        disabled
systemd-pcrlock-machine-id.service           disabled        disabled
systemd-pcrlock-make-policy.service          disabled        disabled
systemd-pcrlock-secureboot-authority.service disabled        disabled
systemd-pcrlock-secureboot-policy.service    disabled        disabled
systemd-pcrlock@.service                     static          -
systemd-pcrmachine.service                   static          -
systemd-pcrphase-initrd.service              static          -
systemd-pcrphase-sysinit.service             static          -
systemd-pcrphase.service                     static          -
systemd-portabled.service                    static          -
systemd-poweroff.service                     static          -
systemd-pstore.service                       disabled        enabled
systemd-quotacheck-root.service              static          -
systemd-quotacheck@.service                  static          -
systemd-random-seed.service                  static          -
systemd-reboot.service                       static          -
systemd-remount-fs.service                   enabled-runtime disabled
systemd-repart.service                       static          -
systemd-resolved.service                     enabled         enabled
systemd-rfkill.service                       static          -
systemd-soft-reboot.service                  static          -
systemd-storagetm.service                    static          -
systemd-suspend-then-hibernate.service       static          -
systemd-suspend.service                      static          -
systemd-sysctl.service                       static          -
systemd-sysext.service                       disabled        enabled
systemd-sysext@.service                      static          -
systemd-sysupdate-reboot.service             indirect        disabled
systemd-sysupdate.service                    indirect        disabled
systemd-sysusers.service                     static          -
systemd-time-wait-sync.service               disabled        disabled
systemd-timedated.service                    static          -
systemd-timesyncd.service                    enabled         enabled
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.service               static          -
systemd-tmpfiles-setup-dev-early.service     static          -
systemd-tmpfiles-setup-dev.service           static          -
systemd-tmpfiles-setup.service               static          -
systemd-tpm2-setup-early.service             static          -
systemd-tpm2-setup.service                   static          -
systemd-udev-load-credentials.service        disabled        disabled
systemd-udev-settle.service                  static          -
systemd-udev-trigger.service                 static          -
systemd-udevd.service                        static          -
systemd-update-done.service                  static          -
systemd-update-utmp.service                  static          -
systemd-user-sessions.service                static          -
systemd-userdbd.service                      indirect        disabled
systemd-vconsole-setup.service               static          -
systemd-vmspawn@.service                     disabled        disabled
systemd-volatile-root.service                static          -
talk.service                                 indirect        disabled
teamd@.service                               static          -
teamviewerd.service                          disabled        disabled
telnet@.service                              static          -
tlp.service                                  enabled         disabled
tor.service                                  disabled        disabled
transmission.service                         disabled        disabled
udisks2.service                              disabled        disabled
ufw.service                                  disabled        disabled
updatedb.service                             static          -
upower.service                               enabled         disabled
usbmuxd.service                              static          -
user-runtime-dir@.service                    static          -
user@.service                                static          -
uuidd.service                                indirect        disabled
vboxweb.service                              disabled        disabled
virtchd.service                              disabled        disabled
virtinterfaced.service                       disabled        disabled
virtlockd.service                            disabled        disabled
virtlogd.service                             disabled        disabled
virtlxcd.service                             disabled        disabled
virtnetworkd.service                         disabled        disabled
virtnodedevd.service                         disabled        disabled
virtnwfilterd.service                        disabled        disabled
virtproxyd.service                           disabled        disabled
virtqemud.service                            disabled        disabled
virtsecretd.service                          disabled        disabled
virtstoraged.service                         disabled        disabled
virtvboxd.service                            disabled        disabled
vncserver@.service                           disabled        disabled
vpnagentd.service                            enabled         disabled
vpnc@.service                                disabled        disabled
wacom-inputattach@.service                   static          -
waydroid-container.service                   enabled         disabled
waydroid_magisk_ota.service                  disabled        disabled
wpa_supplicant-nl80211@.service              disabled        disabled
wpa_supplicant-wired@.service                disabled        disabled
wpa_supplicant.service                       disabled        disabled
wpa_supplicant@.service                      disabled        disabled
xfs_scrub@.service                           static          -
xfs_scrub_all.service                        static          -
xfs_scrub_fail@.service                      static          -

339 unit files listed.
